I believe that you should treat people
the way that you want to be treated
didn't do you say that their pain also
always take a favor over money
I think Jesus said that as well but I
don't know you said that and was it ever
soon everybody thought all Rashida
muscles gonna stay in the office I'm
outside on the field I got people
working for me my ideas I'm running the
show I'm the quarterback and I'm not
gonna settle it's not for me to say he
wasn't necessarily in good shape and he
had this comb-over that was rather
elaborate we had this confidence that
drew me to him
my father he taught me to believe that
all people are good and to be good to
all people
life is ridiculous
and you know that I would never say
anything bad about your father in front
of you but your father is a sick son of
a daddy some of it don't repeat
that
but yes hey Lee apart hi
you can you
you have to find a way to survive and
you knew your choices were bad but you
had to survive weak you so successful
for so long because we kept it just
small enough if you're that successful
how come you end up in this room with me
right now taking orders from me
you
is agent DiMaso placing $75,000 in this
briefcase for mayor carmine Polito
I'm gonna get a ride are we
we gotta get over on all these guys
that's what we need to be thinking about
right now we gotta get over on all these
guys she's gotta be the best we've ever
done